DBZ-7497 Document configuration based snapshot mode (#5425)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/mysql.adoc

* It cannot detect any topic offsets.
* A previously recorded offset specifies a log position that is not available on the server.

ifdef::community[]
|`configuration_based`

> |The `configuration_based` snapshot mode allows control over snapshots by setting connectors properties prefixed with 'snapshot.mode.configuration.based'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Set the snapshot mode to `configuration_based` to control snapshot behavior through the set of connector properties that have the prefix 'snapshot.mode.configuration.based'.
```

* It cannot detect any topic offsets.
* A previously recorded offset specifies a binlog position or GTID that is not available on the server.

ifdef::community[]
`configuration_based`:: The `configuration_based` snapshot mode allows control over snapshots by setting connectors properties prefixed with 'snapshot.mode.configuration.based'.
endif::community[]

ifdef::community[]
`custom`:: The connector performs a snapshot according to the implementation specified by the xref:mysql-property-snapshot-mode-custom-name[`snapshot.mode.custom.name`] property, which defines a custom implementation of the `io.debezium.spi.snapshot.Snapshotter` interface.
endif::community[]

ifdef::community[]
|[[mysql-property-snapshot-mode-configuration-based-snapshot-data]]<<mysql-property-configuration-based-snapshot-data, `+snapshot.mode.configuration.based.snapshot.data+`>>
|false

> |When `snapshot.mode` is set as `configuration_based`, this setting permits to specify whenever the data should be snapshotted or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|If the `snapshot.mode` is set to `configuration_based`, set this property to specify whether the connector includes table data when it performs a snapshot.
```

endif::community[]

ifdef::community[]
|[[mysql-property-snapshot-mode-configuration-based-snapshot-schema]]<<mysql-property-configuration-based-snapshot-schema, `+snapshot.mode.configuration.based.snapshot.schema+`>>
|false

> |When `snapshot.mode` is set as `configuration_based`, this setting permits to specify whenever the schema should be snapshotted or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|If the `snapshot.mode` is set to `configuration_based`, set this property to specify whether the connector includes the table schema when it performs a snapshot.
```

endif::community[]

ifdef::community[]
|[[mysql-property-snapshot-mode-configuration-based-start-stream]]<<mysql-property-configuration-based-start-stream, `+snapshot.mode.configuration.based.start.stream+`>>
|false

> |When `snapshot.mode` is set as `configuration_based`, this setting permits to specify whenever the stream should start or not after snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|If the `snapshot.mode` is set to `configuration_based`, set this property to specify whether the connector begins to stream change events after a snapshot completes.
```

endif::community[]

ifdef::community[]
|[[mysql-property-snapshot-mode-configuration-based-snapshot-on-schema-error]]<<mysql-property-configuration-based-snapshot-on-schema-error, `+snapshot.mode.configuration.based.snapshot.on.schema.error+`>>
|false

> |When `snapshot.mode` is set as `configuration_based`, this setting permits to specify whenever the schema should be snapshotted or not in case schema history topic is missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|If the `snapshot.mode` is set to `configuration_based`, set this property to specify whether the connector includes table schema in a snapshot if the schema history topic is not available.
```

endif::community[]

ifdef::community[]
|[[mysql-property-snapshot-mode-configuration-based-snapshot-on-data-error]]<<mysql-property-configuration-based-snapshot-on-data-error, `+snapshot.mode.configuration.based.snapshot.on.data.error+`>>
|false

> |When `snapshot.mode` is set as `configuration_based`, this setting permits to specify whenever the data should be snapshotted or not in case data is no more present on db log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|If the `snapshot.mode` is set to `configuration_based`, set this property to specify whether the connector includes table data in a snapshot in the event that data is no longer available in the transaction log.
```
